Add feature_flag_called docs for python (#7580)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/feature-flags-code/_snippets/feature-flags-code-python.mdx

)
```

### Sending `$feature_flag_called` events

> By default, we send a `$feature_flag_called` event whenever you call `posthog.get_feature_flag()` or `posthog.is_feature_enabled()` and it's a new user, or the value of the flag has changed. This is useful for analytics, and knowing when a flag was accessed for a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Capturing`$feature_flag_called` events enable PostHog to know when a flag was accessed by a user and thus provide [analytics and insights](/docs/product-analytics/insights) on the flag. By default, we send a these event when:

1. You call `posthog.get_feature_flag()` or `posthog.is_feature_enabled()`, AND 
2. It's a new user, or the value of the flag has changed. 
```

> > *Note:* Tracking whether it's a new user, or whether the flag value is changed happens in a local cache, which means if you reinitialise the PostHog client, this cache will reset as well, and can end up sending events again for old users as well. This is not a problem. 

Reviewer: What do we mean by "This is not a problem"? What happens if we send events again?

Author: Fair question!

```suggestion
> *Note:* Tracking whether it's a new user, or whether the flag value is changed happens in a local cache, which means if you reinitialise the PostHog client, this cache will reset as well, and can end up sending events again for old users as well. This is not a problem because we aggregate analytics by unique users so these duplicates don't affect things.
```

> You can disable this by setting the `send_feature_flag_events` in your function call, like so:

Reviewer: Why would you want to disable this? Example scenario?

Author: For example, when this would add too many unnecessary events, or you don't need the analytics, or it's being called at such a high volume that sending events slows things down.

> You can disable this by setting the `send_feature_flag_events` in your function call, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable automatically capturing `$feature_flag_called` events by setting the `send_feature_flag_events` argument in your function call, like so:
```
